A little extra detail for setup instructions (#14327)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/framework/abbreviation-plugin-tutorial/abbreviation-plugin-level-1.md

> The easiest way to set up your project is to grab the starter files from our [Github repository for this tutorial](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-tutorials-examples/tree/main/abbreviation-plugin/starter-files). We gathered all the necessary dependencies there, including some CKEditor 5 packages and other files needed to build the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to set up your project is to grab the starter files from our [Github repository for this tutorial](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-tutorials-examples/tree/main/abbreviation-plugin). We gathered all the necessary dependencies there, including some CKEditor 5 packages and other files needed to build the editor.
```

> The editor has already been created in the `app.js` file with some basic plugins. All you need to do, is clone the repository, navigate into one of the practice directories (i.e. part-1), run the `npm install` command, and you can start coding right away. See the [README.md](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-tutorials-examples/tree/main/README.md) file for more detailed setup information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The editor has already been created in the `app.js` file with some basic plugins. All you need to do is clone the repository, navigate to the [starter-files directory](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-tutorials-examples/tree/main/abbreviation-plugin/starter-files), run the `npm install` command, and you can start coding right away.
```

Good catch! One step was missing. We are in the "Let's start" section, so at this point it would be better to link to the `starter-files` directory. The readme.md file doesn't seem to contain any additional information related to setup compared to what is in the guide I think.

Author: Thanks.  I'm new here... do I need implement the suggestions above, or have you already applied them to the merge request?
